# Design-and-Research-of-Multimodal-Physiological-Parameter-Acquisition-System
&emspAs an output of the graduation project, this repository open - sources a design method for a multimodal physiological parameter acquisition system.

## Brief Introduction to the Task Assignment
With the rapid development of Internet information technology and its accelerated penetration into various industries, the combination of healthcare and the Internet of Things (IoT) has emerged, and medical automation has gradually become a trend. After years of development, the traditional hospital information system maintains a high utilization rate in domestic tertiary - grade A hospitals. Its main functions include collecting, transmitting, storing, and managing data from medical activities in hospitals through computer hardware, software, and network communication technologies. To a large extent, it simplifies the administrative work and daily affairs handling in hospitals, and improves the overall work efficiency of the hospital. However, the automated collection process of physiological parameters still remains a weak link in the hospital information system. This research project focuses on the study of a portable multimodal physiological parameter collection system, which can, to a certain extent, improve the data accuracy of physiological parameter collection in medical and nursing work, simplify the process, and enhance efficiency. 
### Task
1.Understand the current research status of physiological parameter acquisition and get familiar with common physiological parameter indicators.<br>
2.Address the issue of the diversity of physiological parameter sources by researching multimodal physiological parameter acquisition, communication, storage, and management. Develop a hardware device for multi - physiological parameter acquisition based on the STM32 microcontroller. 
3.Familiarize yourself with the communication principles in the physiological parameter acquisition process (such as Bluetooth communication technology), design the data storage structure, and implement basic multimodal physiological parameter acquisition and storage.
4.Develop an Android app to present an interactive interface that can display data and results.
